ref(pkg/*): move envoy proxy image to OSM's ConfigMap (#3233)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/content/docs/osm_config_map.md

|-----|------|---------------|--------------------------------|
| enable_debug_server | bool | `"true"` | `kubectl patch ConfigMap osm-config -n osm-system -p '{"data":{"enable_debug_server":"false"}}' --type=merge` |
| envoy_log_level | string | `"error"` | `kubectl patch ConfigMap osm-config -n osm-system -p '{"data":{"envoy_log_level":"info"}}' --type=merge` |

> | envoy_image | string | `"envoyproxy/envoy-alpine:v1.17.2"` | `kubectl patch ConfigMap osm-config -n osm-system -p '{"data":{"envoy_image":"envoyproxy/envoy-alpine:v1.17.1"}}' --type=merge` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| envoy_image | string | `"envoyproxy/envoy-alpine:v1.17.2"` | `kubectl patch ConfigMap osm-config -n osm-system -p '{"data":{"envoy_image":"envoyproxy/envoy-alpine:v1.17.2"}}' --type=merge` |
```

| enable_debug_server | `must be a boolean` |
| enable_privileged_init_container| `must be a boolean` |
| envoy_log_level | `invalid log level` |

> | envoy_image | `must be of the form envoyproxy/envoy-alpine:vx.xx.x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| envoy_image | `must be of the form envoyproxy/envoy-alpine:v<major>.<minor>.<patch>`
```
